todo.md, before:

# Phone

## Package selection
- [x] List out packages
- [x] Select and remember packages
- [x] Allow select all and none
- [x] Allow filter to only selected
- [x] Show relevant system apps (eg Messages)
- [x] Refresh current notification when changing packages (real protocol here)
- [ ] Search for app name (also search package name?)

## Notification handling
- [x] Register notification listener
- [x] Filter out notifications we don't want (silent, ongoing, local(?), deselected)
- [x] Extract info from notifications
- [x] Send current to watch when notifications change (add, remove, reorder)
- [ ] Reset on shutdown and boot (real protocol here)

## Other
- [x] List all notification infos on demand (real protocol)
- [x] Force refetch on demand (real protocol)
- [ ] Option to show latest vs top?
- [ ] Setup instructions/walkthrough
- [ ] Prompt to install watch app if not there


# Watch

- [x] Receive data from phone
- [x] Expose data via complication
- [x] Add icon-only type?
- [ ] Refresh on reinstall
- [ ] Allow tapping???
- [ ] Prompt to install phone app if not there
- [ ]

Commit message:

Ensure images circular, filter out non-message summaries

todo.md, after:

# Phone

## Package selection
- [x] List out packages
- [x] Select and remember packages
- [x] Allow select all and none
- [x] Allow filter to only selected
- [x] Show relevant system apps (eg Messages)
- [x] Refresh current notification when changing packages (real protocol here)
- [ ] Search for app name (also search package name?)

## Notification handling
- [x] Register notification listener
- [x] Filter out notifications we don't want (silent, ongoing, local(?), deselected)
- [x] Extract info from notifications
- [x] Send current to watch when notifications change (add, remove, reorder)
- [X] Make images into circles
- [ ] Reset on shutdown and boot (real protocol here)

## Other
- [x] List all notification infos on demand (real protocol)
- [x] Force refetch on demand (real protocol)
- [ ] Option to show latest vs top?
- [ ] Setup instructions/walkthrough
- [ ] Prompt to install watch app if not there
- [ ] Ability to dump current notifications for use as test cases


# Watch

- [x] Receive data from phone
- [x] Expose data via complication
- [x] Add icon-only type?
- [ ] Refresh on reinstall
- [ ] Allow tapping???
- [ ] Prompt to install phone app if not there
- [ ]
